Added Pre-Migration Recommendations to Section 3.1.1. per SATDOC-530 (#1042)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Upgrading_and_Updating/topics/preparing_to_migrate_pulp_content.adoc

Ensure that you have enough space for the migration.
A rough estimation of the space you require is 2-3 times the size of the MongoDB Pulp 2 database.

.Pre-Migration Checks
* Ensure that all enabled repositories complete the synchronization process.
* If any repositories are synced with a *Warning* or *Error* state, fix the underlying problem and resync the repository.
* Ensure that no paused tasks in the system are related to any repositories or Content Views.
* If you no longer require specific Content Views or Composite Content View Versions, you can perform a cleanup action.
* For more information about how to perform the cleanup, see https://access.redhat.com/solutions/2760531[How to remove old content view versions in Red Hat Satellite 6 using CLI/hammer?] .

> * If some Content View or Composite Content View versions are not required anymore, please consider performing a cleanup of them. https://access.redhat.com/solutions/2760531[How to remove old content view versions in Red Hat Satellite 6 using CLI/hammer?] can be referred to understand how to perform the cleanup of older Content View/Composite Content View versions using `hammer_cli`.

Reviewer: Please maintain consistency with cross referencing. 
It should always be "For more information about x, see y"

[NOTE]
====

> The sequence should always be if you have any Composite Content Views, take action on those first, and then work on the Content Views.

Reviewer: Please remove the note markup. Perhaps move this to the top of the checks as a lead in sentence. i don't understand why it's dropped into the middle of a bulleted list? A running sentence is fine. This isn't more equal than the other information and the "note" creates noise.

====

* If you no longer require or use certain repositories, disable those specific repositories.
* When the cleanup process finishes, ensure that you clean up the orphan data by following the steps in https://access.redhat.com/solutions/2639291[How to delete orphaned content in /var/lib/pulp on Capsule?].
* Ensure that you can enter the following command on {Project} without error:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----
# foreman-rake katello:correct_repositories COMMIT=true --trace
----

> //foreman-rake katello:correct_repositories COMMIT=true --trace.

Reviewer: Please remove detritus from the file.

Ensure that you have enough space for the migration.
A rough estimation of the space you require is 2-3 times the size of the MongoDB Pulp 2 database.

> .Pre-Migration Recommendations

Reviewer: Don't ever use recommend. IBM Style Guide. 
```suggestion
.Pre-Migration Checks
```

> . Ensure that all enabled repositories are synced properly. If any repositories are synced with a *Warning* or *Error* state, fix the underlying problem and resync the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ensure that all enabled repositories complete the synchronization process. 
If any repositories are synced with a *Warning* or *Error* state, fix the underlying problem and resync the repository.
```
Don't use  throwaway language. What does properly mean? Be specific!

> . Ensure no paused tasks in the system are related to any repositories or content views. If there are any:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ensure that no paused tasks in the system are related to any repositories or Content Views. 
Investigate the underlying problem and resume completing the task. 
```
Always use that after ensure.

> * Investigate the underlying problem and resume the task to have it completed successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
not needed.

> . If a paused content view task is being cleaned up or has been deleted without fixing the underlying cause, ensure that the related broken version of the content view is being deleted as it is already an unusable version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If a paused Content View task is being cleaned up or has been deleted without fixing the underlying cause, ensure that the related broken version of the Content View is being deleted as it is already an unusable version.
```
I've literally no idea what you're saing here so cannot clean it up. 
So many uses of the verb "to be" 

IBM style says never to use "as" - always use "because" to avoid mis-translation

> . If some content view or Composite content view versions are not required anymore, please consider performing a cleanup of them. This solution article https://access.redhat.com/solutions/2760531 can be referred to understand how to perform the cleanup of older content view/Composite content view versions using `hammer_cli`.

Reviewer: Content View is always capitalized. 
```suggestion
If you no longer require specific Content Views or Composite Content View Versions, you can perform a cleanup action. 
For more information about how to perform the cleanup, see Red Hat Knowledgebase article https://access.redhat.com/solutions/2760531 .
```
Please add the title of the article and create a proper ascii hyperlink. 
This is not a step. Don't use procedural markup for a statement. 
We avoid the passive tense as much as possible. Maintain an active voice unless it is super awkward to do so. 
We never say please. Refer to IBM style on this. 
We maintain one sentence per line rule. This is in our readme file. 
We don't use slashes in our docs. Read IBM style for guidance on this too. 
Please get used to IBM style conventions.

[NOTE]
====
The sequence should always be if you have any Composite content views, take action on those first, and then work on the content views.

> ====

Reviewer: Don't add notes randomly to a doc. Please stop, think, and see what is actually noteworthy. 
Should is against IBM style and you must avoid at all times. 
```suggestion

Perform any actions on Composite Content Views first before you begin working on Content Views.

> . If some repositories are not needed anymore or not in use anymore, consider disabling the repository in question.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you no longer require or use certain repositories, disable those specific repositories.
```

> . Once the cleanup process has been concluded, ensure to clean up the orphan data by following the steps from https://access.redhat.com/solutions/2639291.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. When the cleanup process finishes, ensure that you clean up the orphan data by following the steps in https://access.redhat.com/solutions/2639291.
```

We don't use once. Only to mean one time. IBM Style guide again. 
Maintain present tense unless it is nonsensical to do so. 
Please use proper ascii formatting and add the title of the KCS article you are linking to.

> . Ensure that the following command is getting executed on Satellite without showing any problems:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Ensure that you can enter the following command on {Project} without error:
```
Please use variables. Please, please.
Principles of minimalism in technical writing require that you look to use a stronger verb than "to be", remain in the present active tense at all times, and rewrite and rewrite to produce short and efficient text.

> * `foreman-rake katello:correct_repositories COMMIT=true --trace`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
This is not how we mark up command or code in our docs. 

Read through other files to see the conventions on code blocks in our docs.

A rough estimation of the space you require is 2-3 times the size of the MongoDB Pulp 2 database.

.Pre-Migration Checks
The sequence should always be if you have any Composite Content Views, take action on those first, and then work on the Content Views.

* Ensure that all enabled repositories complete the synchronization process.
* If any repositories are synced with a *Warning* or *Error* state, fix the underlying problem and resync the repository.
* Ensure that no paused tasks in the system are related to any repositories or Content Views.
* If you no longer require specific Content Views or Composite Content View Versions, you can perform a cleanup action.
* For more information about how to perform the cleanup, see https://access.redhat.com/solutions/2760531[How to remove old content view versions in Red Hat Satellite 6 using CLI/hammer?] .
* If some Content View or Composite Content View versions are not required anymore, please consider performing a cleanup of them.

> * For more information about how to perform the cleanup of older Content View/Composite Content View versions using `hammer_cli`, see https://access.redhat.com/solutions/2760531[How to remove old content view versions in Red Hat Satellite 6 using CLI/hammer?].

Reviewer: Please do not use slashes. I mentioned this in my first review. 

Content View and Composite Content View Versions.
